-------------------------------------------------------------------------
You may distribute this program under the terms of the Artistic
License.
                                                                           
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the Artistic
License for more details.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------

This is a pretty simple program, written to solve a pretty simple
problem. It does very little, but it does it quite neatly.

If you specify a number on the command line (preceded by a switch to
describe the base the number is in) the program will display that
number in all four bases on the console and exit. You can also specify
the -s switch which will allow you to enter/display signed
numbers. (This allows the use of a - (minus) before a decimal number).

Just running the program without any switches will display the main
window. There are four entry boxes, corresponding to each of the four
bases. You can type into any of these boxes and the others will update
automagically. The program will ignore any characters that are not
allowed for that particular base. It will only allow a - (minus) at
the start of a decimal number, if the signed option is on.

The program only deals with 32 bit integers, so the range of values
are 0 to 4294967295 unsigned and -2147483648 to 2147483647 signed. If
a number becomes too big for the program to handle, an OVERFLOW
message will appear in the window.

The dump button will print to the console the current number in all
four bases, similar to the command line options.


Please report any bugs to:

Damian Kramer (psiren@hibernaculum.demon.co.uk)
Roger Dunce (kro@penguinpowered.com)
